well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
florida deciding now
in the middle of all of this to reopen
schools in august
in person and have them open five days a
week and making that decision
now in in july
based on i don't know what obviously not
the data
um so we're going to talk about that
we're going to talk about the governor's
guidelines
on how to stay safe
and we're going to go through an average
day at school we're going to do all of
this
mainly because of a quote from a
department of education spokesperson
logically i don't think they could say
schools aren't safe
if they are allowing people to be out in
public
okay
i would try to explain this using the
graphs that are widely available
some of the less than accurate ones are
even put out by the state
um but i've come to the conclusion that
the people making these decisions
probably wouldn't have scored very high
on the fcat
and may not understand those so we're
just going to go through an average day
at a school and compare that to
the guidelines that we have right here
with governor desantis's name at the top
because this is how we would be safe
smart and step by step okay
that's what it says here it says public
health advisory
residents advised to wear masks in
public
and socially distance avoid crowds close
spaces
and close contact average day at school
kid walks out gets on the bus in a crowd
in a close space in close contact where
they can't socially distance
not even to the school yet not
even to the school yet let's just skip
that one
they uh get to the school and they get
off the bus where they all grab that
metal bar there by the steps
they all touch that that that seems like
a bad idea to me
and in the state of florida they go to
the cafeteria which is another
crowd in a closed space where they can't
socially distance in close contact
and because they're eating they're not
wearing their masks and
because we have such nutritious meal
plans here in florida
a lot of it's finger food so they're
touching their face
they're not even too classy yet and they
have broken
all of the guidelines
all logically
i would say that's probably a bad idea
why we're making this decision now
um it's not really a surprise
but the president tweeted
you know delivered his edict that
schools should reopen
in person so that's what governor
desantis is doing because apparently
he's a rubber stamp
um even though his own guidelines
that are safe smart and step-by-step say
that we
we shouldn't do that we certainly
shouldn't make that decision
now in the middle of a surge there's no
data to back up this decision
not now for all we know next month
yeah things could be better it could
disappear
like a miracle have zero cases we've
heard this before
maybe this time it'll happen but that's
a month from now
there's no reason to make this decision
now remember a month ago
the governor of florida was bragging
about how well the state was doing
and now we're in the middle of a surge
a lot can happen in a month this seems
like a bad idea
sure have the schools ready but have the
distance learning
options have them ready too
those are probably more important
floridians we have a national reputation
to uphold here we are florida man we are
florida woman
we do not need tallahassee to make the
right decision we
don't listen to the government for
anything else why would we start now
if you look at that data come august and
you don't feel that your child would be
safe
don't send them home school
now to those in tallahassee the ruling
party there
y'all normally need some self-interest
to do
anything so let me give it to you
young people have written you all off
they're not going to be voting for your
party
exit polls show that traditionally
anyway
your voters are older
your voters are more susceptible to this
so as the
kids spread it around take it home to
their parents who then
take it to their grandparents who are
those who are going to vote for you
that's going to impact them
you are quite literally
killing your chances for reelection
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day